Ambiguous Timestamp Handling (#92)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-jdbc: docs/input-jdbc.asciidoc

===== `jdbc_default_timezone`

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  ** Value should be a canonical timezone or offset, such as `Europe/Paris` or `Etc/GMT+3`
  ** Value _may_ include square-bracketed extensions, such as `America/Denver[dst_enabled_on_overlap:true]`
  * There is no default value for this setting.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-jdbc_timezone_conv"]

> Timezone conversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====== Timezone conversion
```

> Logstash (and Elasticsearch) expects that timestamps are expressed in UTC terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logstash and Elasticsearch expect timestamps to be expressed in UTC terms.
```

Reviewer: I know that this sentence predated this PR and I understand why it was written this way. Still seems like a good opportunity to make an update. I don't think anybody who is not using ES will be confused by this statement, and it gives us an opportunity to clear up some grammar ambiguity.

Using this setting will manually assign a specified timezone offset, instead
of using the timezone setting of the local machine.  You must use a canonical
timezone, `America/Denver`, for example.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-jdbc_ambiguous_timestamps"]

> Ambiguous timestamps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Ambiguous timestamps
```
